DAN: When Drago inherited the powers of the Sacred Orb
we thought it would be a blessing,
but instead it's a curse. He can't control his energy.
And both of us are being haunted by visions
of a sinister masked man called Mag Mel
and his Bakugan Razenoid.
Everywhere we turn, evil forces like Teams Anubias
and Sellon are infiltrating Bakugan Interspace.
Luckily we can count on Marucho and Shun.
We just might have a chance of regaining control
of Bakugan Interspace and banishing Mag Mel for good!
\u266a What are ya gonna do? \u266a
\u266a The odds are stacked against you, \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall, You gotta give it your all, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a This is the final stand, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a The power's in your hand! \u266a
\u266a Two worlds collide, On the inside, \u266a
\u266a You got to fight for what's right, \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone... \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
SELLON: I want to see the beauty of all your light.
SELLON: Master Mag Mel, pleeeeeeeeaaaaase!
ANUBIAS: It looks like Sellon's disappeared.
ANUBIAS: Which means she won't be getting in my way.
ANUBIAS: I'm coming for you, Kuso!
[evil laughter]
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Unfinished Business
MAG MEL: Now that the gate and key are mine...
the power to rule the universe is within my grasp.
RAZENOID: And all that's left is to retrieve...
what we need to light the fuse.
MAG MEL: Yes, Kuso's portion of Code Eve.
[punch impact on concrete]
[heavy punch impacts]
ANUBIAS: You are not going to make a fool out of me!
ANUBIAS: What are you squawking about?
Stand up and fight back!
Pathetic. Don't you dare shame me!
ANUBIAS: Kuso... I'll have my revenge!
[mighty roar]
[heavy ground impact]
DAN: [grunt] SHUN: [grunt]
DAN: Man, they're just like cockroaches.
DRAGO: You're right. No matter how many we take down,
twice as many show up to replace them.
SHUN: That's not all.
SHUN: Now that Mag Mel has the gate and the key...
we have to worry about what his next move will be.
TAYLEAN: Which is pretty hard to do...
if we're constantly fighting off Chaos Bakugan.
I'm sure he's counting on the distraction.
DAN: Then we're just gonna have to take them down faster.
DAN: We look for an opening...
then find our way out and go after him.
You guys got that? Sound good?
SHUN: Yes, sounds good.
Let's keep hitting them with everything we've got.
DAN: You bet!
[mighty roar]
DAN: [gasp]
SHUN: [gasp]
SHUN: Let's split up.
BEN: [angry grunt] That way's blocked.
ROBIN: We have to find an access point out of here,
or we'll be stuck in this place forever.
BEN: Duuuude!
JACK: [laughter] I can't believe Anubias...
tricked us the way he did.
Talk about looking like a bunch of chumps, huh!
Punked by our leader.
BEN: Hey! You don't mention that guy again.
Do you understand what I am saying?
ROBIN: Ben's right, Jack. He's gone.
It's just us now. End of story!
ROBIN: Now let's go!
JACK: Okay, okay! Take it easy.
NOAH: [grunt]
NOAH: Huh?
ANUBIAS: Hey, Noah. Long time no see, pal.
NOAH: [gasp]
DAN: Cool.
[Bakumeter beeping]
Huh? Who's this now?
It's Noah.
DRAGO: Is he okay?
DAN: Noah, what's up pal?
ANUBIAS: Guess again, friend.
DAN: [gasp] Anubias!
DAN: What's happening? Why do you have Noah's Bakumeter?
ANUBIAS: Take it easy. I just borrowed it for a while.
Besides he doesn't need it right now.
DAN: You're holding him hostage?
DAN: Listen up buddy, if you hurt him I'll finish you.
ANUBIAS: Quiet! You and I have some unfinished business!
DAN: What?
ANUBIAS: The humiliation you've caused me Kuso has scarred me.
The only way I'll clear the slate is to take you down.
DAN: Fine then but Noah has nothing to do with this!
ANUBIAS: Maybe not!
But if you ever want to see him again,
you'll come to the arena and fight me!
DAN: [gasp] Anubias! Wait!
DAN: It's a trap.
It has to be a trap, but I just can't leave Noah behind!
DRAGO: Then we go.
DAN: Hmmmm.
TAYLEAN: Aren't you going to try to stop them?
DAN: Hold on tight, Noah.
NOAH: You're a creep!
NOAH: I can't believe I used to look up to you!
What a fool I was!
NOAH: I hope that Dan totally crushes you!
ANUBIAS: Keep dreaming, kid.
ANUBIAS: Kuso's finished.
NOAH: [gasp]
ANUBIAS: You've served your purpose.
[finger snap]
NOAH: Huh?
ANUBIAS: Get lost. Before I change my mind you crybaby.
NOAH: Wait!
NOAH: Can't we all just work together?
DAN: So where's Noah?
ANUBIAS: You took your sweet time getting here Dan.
DAN: I said, where's Noah? You hear me!
ANUBIAS: Hmmph. He's gone.
DAN: Did you...?
ANUBIAS: Focus Dan, on the task at hand!
DAN: [angry grunt]
NOAH: [panting, running reax]
NOAH: Whoa!
ANUBIAS: Bakugan Brawl, hah!
ANUBIAS: Bakugan stand!
ANUBIAS: Riiiiiiiiiiiise!
ANUBIAS: Darkus Horridian!
ANUBIAS: Pyrus Bolcanon!
ANUBIAS: Aquos Krakenoid!
[mighty roars]
DAN: Wow,what's up with that?
DRAGO: Three on one. He must be serious.
DAN: Hah! It doesn't matter. Let's go, pal.
DAN: Bakugan Brawl!
DAN: Bakugan stand!
DAN: Let's go, Pyrus Titanium Dragonoid!
ANUBIAS: BakuNano Aeroblaze, destroy!
ANUBIAS: BakuNano Hyper Pulsor, destroy!
ANUBIAS: BakuNano Jamsaber, destroy!
ANUBIAS: Get going!
DAN: Let's do this Drago!
DAN: BakuNano Sonicanon, destroy!
DRAGO: Hmmmmph!
[explosions]
NOAH: Whoa!
ANUBIAS: [angry grunt] Horridian!
DRAGO: [grunt, pain reax]
DRAGO: Aaaarrrrggggghhhh!
DAN: Drago!
[laser blast]
DRAGO: [grunt, pain reax]
[explosion]
DRAGO: [panting, exertion reax]
DRAGO: [groan] [mighty roar]
DAN: That's it, pal!
Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon Force Striker!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
[explosion]
ANUBIAS: [angry grunt] Get back up!
All of you, attack!
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Titanium Hummer!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
DRAGO: Hmmmph!
[punch impacts]
ANUBIAS: What a pathetic counter attack!
ANUBIAS: Ability activate!
Wise Rush!
DRAGO: Huh?
DRAGO: Haaaaaah!
DRAGO: Hmmmmph!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaah!
DAN: Just like that! Ability activate!
Thor Buster!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
[explosion]
ANUBIAS: Blast! Ability activate!
End Gardiner Alpha!
DRAGO: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
ANUBIAS: Ability activate!
ANUBIAS: Metal Ripper!
DRAGO: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
DAN: Drago!
DAN: [gasp] Ability activate!
DAN: Meteor Screen!
HORRIDIAN: [roar]
ANUBIAS: Oh, Horridian!
DRAGO: Okay. Just one more to go.
DAN: We'll show 'em what happens...
when people mess with our friends.
ANUBIAS: Do you really think that after all that's...
happened here Dan, I'm just going to roll over?
ANUBIAS: Bakugan Brawl! Hah!
ANUBIAS: Bakugan stand!
ANUBIAS: Rise Haos Krowl!
DRAGO: Why does he have Krowl?
DAN: That's not one of his Bakugan!
ANUBIAS: Hmmmph!
ANUBIAS: Aquos Mutate Morph!
DAN: What was that? What did he just do?
ANUBIAS: You're finally going t o pay for your arrogance, Kuso
DAN: We're playing by a new set of rules, Drago!
NOAH: Huh, what's happening?
SHUN: A mutation between Bakugan.
NOAH: Hey Shun!
TAYLEAN: It looks like in addition to merging physically,
their powers have combined as well.
[mighty roar]
ANUBIAS: Ability activate!
ANUBIAS: Aquos Glosser!
DRAGO: [grunt, pain reax]
DRAGO: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
DAN: Drago!
ANUBIAS: You ready for more?
ANUBIAS: Haos Mutate Morph!
NOAH: [gasp] SHUN: [gasp]
DRAGO: What?
DAN: Hold tight, buddy!
ANUBIAS: Ability activate!
ANUBIAS: Haos Hydrar!
DRAGO: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
DRAGO: [grunt] I can't move!
DAN: Oh no!
DRAGO: Somehow he's combined Aquos and Haos Abilities.
ANUBIAS: You got any last words, Drago?
DRAGO: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
DAN: Drago!
DAN: [angry grunt] Ability activate!
ANUBIAS: It's no use!
As long as Haos Hydrar is activated Dan.
DAN: That stinks.
DRAGO: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh! Dan!
DAN: Huh? Right come, Zenthon!
[computer beeps and trills]
[heavy ground impact]
ANUBIAS: [angry grunt] A Mechtogan?
ZENTHON: When summoned by my Masters, I come to do...
their bidding and destroy any who stand in their way.
DAN: Zenthon! Help Drago!
[mighty roar]
DRAGO: [grunt, exertion reax] [panting]
DAN: Are you okay, buddy?
DRAGO: Yes, thanks to you and Zenthon.
ZENTHON: There's no need to thank me Master.
[explosion]
[ground impact]
NOAH: They've separated.
SHUN: That was an amazing play by Dan.
SHUN: Which is why he's... still the best.
ANUBIAS: Whatever, we'll see who the best really is.
ANUBIAS: Come!
Smasheon!
Venexus!
Deezal!
[computer trills]
[heavy ground impact]
ANUBIAS: [grunt, pain reax] Don't just stand there!
Destroy both of them!
ZENTHON: [grunt, pain reax]
DAN: You ready Drago?
DRAGO: You bet!
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Revolutional!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar] Haaaaaaaaaaaah!
ANUBIAS: It will never be enough, Kuso!
Attaaaaack!
[laser blasts]
[large explosion]
DRAGO: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
DAN: [grunt, exertion reax]
NOAH: [gasp]
SHUN: Don't worry.
TAYLEAN: It looks like Anubias is expending his energy...
too quickly. He may not be in full control of his Mechtogan.
SHUN: That's right. Dan could still win this.
ANUBIAS: [panting, exertion reax]
DAN: OK, time to pull out all the stops. Drago! Zenthon!
DRAGO: We're on it!
ZENTHON: Yes.
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
[energy crackling]
[computer beeps and trills]
[heavy ground impact]
DAN: Noooooooow!
ZENTHON TITAN: On your command, Master,
I will unleash the full power of my conquering might.
ANUBIAS: [angry grunt]
Venexus Titan, coooooome!
[energy crackling]
[computer beeps and trills]
[heavy ground impact]
ANUBIAS: Smash him to pieces!
DAN: Go Zenthon Titan!
[mighty roars]
ANUBIAS: Krakenoid!
DAN: Drago!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaaaah!
[metallic punch impact]
ANUBIAS: [grunt, pain reax]
ANUBIAS: Do you actually think you have...
what it takes to take me down Kuso? Huh?!
DAN: You and I both know who the better battler is!
I'll use every ounce of my powers to take you down!
ANUBIAS: You arrogant little fool!
ANUBIAS: I'll show you poooooower!
ANUBIAS: [rising mighty roar]
DAN: [gasp]
[crystal shatter]
SHUN: Oh no.
TAYLEAN: He is pushing all of his powers...
past their safe limits.
Doesn't he know he could seriously hurt himself?
NOAH: Just let him.
ANUBIAS: [panting, exertion reax]
ANUBIAS: Okay. Let's go Venexus Titan!
DAN: Now! Zenthon Titan!
[laser blasts]
[large explosion]
ANUBIAS: [grunt, exertion reax]
DAN: [grunt, exertion reax]
NOAH: Stop it.
NOAH: If they keep going like this...
they're going to kill each other.
SHUN: Relax.
NOAH: Huh?
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaaaaah!
DAN: [panting, exertion reax]
ANUBIAS: [panting] Hah!
DAN: [chuckles]
NOAH: Why are they laughing?
SHUN: Because sometimes in the heat of battle...
you realize how good it feels to fight!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaaaah!
[large explosion]
ANUBIAS: I was born to fight so the thought of...
risking my life to win, doesn't scare me at all!
A battler is what I am to the very end.
DAN: This is weird but the more I fight Anubias...
the stronger I feel. It's like my power's growing...
and the sky's the limit.
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaaah!
NOAH: This battle is so intense it's...
NOAH: ...it's really scary.
DAN: Nooooooow!
ANUBIAS: Attaaaaaaaaaack!
MAG MEL: [rising mighty roar]
DAN: Huh?
DRAGO: Did you feel that?
DAN: Yup.
ANUBIAS: [gasp]
NOAH: [gasp] SHUN: [gasp]
DAN: Mag Mel?
MAG MEL: Good work, Anubias, your powers...
have served us well; however, I'll be taking them now.
ANUBIAS: [gasp] But I... I'm not finished...
my battle with Kussssssoooo!
ANUBIAS: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
DAN: Anubias!
SHUN: Dan, wait!
DAN: Huh?
SHUN: You'll be taken too!
DAN: Thanks.
NOAH: Anubias!
DAN: Noah! Don't!
ANUBIAS: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
DAN: [grunt]
SHUN: Dan!
DAN: Anubias! Come on!
You gotta fight it!
ANUBIAS: I can't his powers are too strong for me!
ANUBIAS: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
DAN: Anubias!
RAZENOID: Finally! The Ultimate Power is ooooouuuurrrs!
MAG MEL: [evil laughter]
NOAH: Is he really gone?
DAN: [angry grunt]
DRAGO: Dan...
DAN: We can't let him get away with this.
DAN: Mag Meeeeeeelllll!
DAN: It seems like forever that we've been stuck
in Bakugan Interspace.
No matter where we look we just can't seem to find
a viable access point we can escape through.
Now that Mag Mel has the ultimate power it's only
a matter of time before he unleashes his evil
upon the universe. And we can't let that happen!
Maybe if I tap in to the psychic link I share with Mag Mel,
I can stop him that way! I know it sounds crazy,
but we're out of options so I've gotta try!
You've gotta tune in to see if my gamble pays off.
One thing's for sure, the battle action you'll catch
will be so intense it'll blow your mind!
\u266a [MUSIC]